   I am currently a fourth year Communication major with a minor in History at
   the Illinois Institute of Technology. I started off as non-declared
   humanities because I didn't know where I wanted to, major and career wise.
   After doing so research on industries where my interest aligned, I decided
   the closest to that was communications. My best route was general
   communications because the specializations in the major were guided towards
   technical or journalism, which was science or business. The field that I
   was inclined towards did not aligned with those specializations. Hence, my
   decision to major as general communication.

  In the industry that I am looking forward to go in, is the public relations
  and marketing in the beauty and fashion industry. Art has always been part
  of my extra-curricular activities as I grew up. In high school, I took some
  fashion classes and learned that I was more interesting in the process of
  the piece then, making the piece. In addition, in the last couple of year, I
  have been interested in the beauty world. With this, I will like to join
  both my hobbies to be able to make a career. I will use my communication
  degree to start at a small beauty brand and move my way up to more global
  beauty brands. I look forward to my career in my beauty industry.

  Outside of school, my interest lies in the arts. Like I mention, I have
  being doing some form of art at a very young age. I have taken a variety of
  art classes from pottery to hat making to painting. As, an introvert, the
  arts have been the form to express myself and a way to distract from other
  problems. Currently, I am not enrolled in any classes due my class. However,
  on my free time, I still painting as a way to allow my creativity to flow.
  It also, helps with reliving stress.

  In addition, to my schooling and hobbies/interest, I love to eat my way
  around the city. Often, with friends, I love to try out new restaurants,
  some trending and some not so. Some of my favorite cuisines are Mexican (of
  course) and Colombian. Like many, I like to spend time with family and
  friends but, especially with my pets. I have two cats and a dog. My two cats
  are a bit too sassy, while my dog is the opposite.
